Edited readme file to redirect to their expected points (#703)
CopilotKit/CopilotKit: README.md

Here are a few useful resources to help you get started:

> - For code contributions, [check out the contribution guide](https://github.com/CopilotKit/CopilotKit/blob/main/community/content/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For code contributions, [check out the contribution guide](https://docs.copilotkit.ai/code-contributions/how-to-contribute?ref=github_readme).
```
